c:\users\philip\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\LesMagouilleurs\LesMagouilleurs\bin\Windows\Debug\LesMagouilleurs.exe
c:\users\philip\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\LesMagouilleurs\LesMagouilleurs\bin\Windows\Debug\LesMagouilleurs.pdb
c:\users\philip\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\LesMagouilleurs\LesMagouilleurs\bin\Windows\Debug\IgnoreMe.dll
c:\users\philip\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\LesMagouilleurs\LesMagouilleurs\bin\Windows\Debug\MonoGame.Framework.dll
c:\users\philip\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\LesMagouilleurs\LesMagouilleurs\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.MediaFoundation.dll
c:\users\philip\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\LesMagouilleurs\LesMagouilleurs\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.dll
c:\users\philip\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\LesMagouilleurs\LesMagouilleurs\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.XAudio2.dll
c:\users\philip\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\LesMagouilleurs\LesMagouilleurs\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D11.dll
c:\users\philip\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\LesMagouilleurs\LesMagouilleurs\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.DXGI.dll
c:\users\philip\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\LesMagouilleurs\LesMagouilleurs\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.Direct2D1.dll
c:\users\philip\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\LesMagouilleurs\LesMagouilleurs\bin\Windows\Debug\Lidgren.Network.dll
c:\users\philip\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\LesMagouilleurs\LesMagouilleurs\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.XInput.dll
c:\users\philip\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\LesMagouilleurs\LesMagouilleurs\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.RawInput.dll
c:\users\philip\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\LesMagouilleurs\LesMagouilleurs\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D9.dll
c:\users\philip\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\LesMagouilleurs\LesMagouilleurs\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.MediaFoundation.xml
c:\users\philip\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\LesMagouilleurs\LesMagouilleurs\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.xml
c:\users\philip\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\LesMagouilleurs\LesMagouilleurs\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.XAudio2.xml
c:\users\philip\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\LesMagouilleurs\LesMagouilleurs\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D11.xml
c:\users\philip\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\LesMagouilleurs\LesMagouilleurs\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.DXGI.xml
c:\users\philip\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\LesMagouilleurs\LesMagouilleurs\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.Direct2D1.xml
c:\users\philip\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\LesMagouilleurs\LesMagouilleurs\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.XInput.xml
c:\users\philip\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\LesMagouilleurs\LesMagouilleurs\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.RawInput.xml
c:\users\philip\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\LesMagouilleurs\LesMagouilleurs\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D9.xml
c:\users\philip\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\LesMagouilleurs\LesMagouilleurs\obj\x86\Debug\ResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\philip\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\LesMagouilleurs\LesMagouilleurs\obj\x86\Debug\LesMagouilleurs.exe
c:\users\philip\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\LesMagouilleurs\LesMagouilleurs\obj\x86\Debug\LesMagouilleurs.pdb
C:\Users\Philip\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\LesMagouilleurs\LesMagouilleurs\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\BeachBall.xnb
C:\Users\Philip\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\LesMagouilleurs\LesMagouilleurs\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\BeachBallTexture.xnb
C:\Users\Philip\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\LesMagouilleurs\LesMagouilleurs\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\BeachBallTexture_0.xnb
C:\Users\Philip\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\LesMagouilleurs\LesMagouilleurs\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\BeachBall.fbx
C:\Users\Philip\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\LesMagouilleurs\LesMagouilleurs\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\BeachBallTexture.png
